= Evidence

### Summary

A Rails Engine to provide the API endpoints for the Quill Evidence app. This will live inside the QuillLMS Rails application. Engines are a way to compartmentalize code without having to host a separate app.

### Setup in Parent App

Mount in a parent rails application in `routes.rb`:
```ruby
mount Evidence::Engine => "/evidence", as: :evidence
```

Configure the parent_activity in parent rails app, in a `config/initializer/evidence.rb` file:

### Development

It's worth reading through the guide to Rails Engines. This covers most of what you need to know about the difference between an Engine and a full rails app.

Guide for Rails 4.2
https://guides.rubyonrails.org/v4.2/engines.html

#### Install gems

`bundle install`

#### Run tests

`bundle exec rspec`

#### Use custom scaffolding

I've created some custom scaffold generators in `lib/generators` and a `rake task` to run them in the correct order.

It follows the syntax of rails scaffolds, just passed in as an arugment to the rake task.

There is a way to refactor this so that we replace Rail's templates with our own, but I failed to find the correct place to put the templates, so hence this stand-in rake task and generators.

`bundle exec rake quill_scaffold:generate['FakeModel activity:reference title:string score:integer']

After generating the scaffold
- Update the migration with any other specifications
- Fill in model validations, relationships, and json hash
- Search for `FIXME` to find tests and functionality to replace

#### Migrations

You run migrations in the parent app, not in the engine. So if you add a migration, run this in the parent app:

`rake evidence:install:migrations`

If you are hitting an issue in which running `rspec` keeps telling you have a pending migration (and you've run the LMS migrations), run the following in the evidence directory:

`rake db:schema:load RAILS_ENV=test`

See the Rails guide for more details.
